---
layout: post
title: Week 10 (7/22 - 7/26)
---

This week is the last week of my internship. I feel that I have accomplished a lot, having completed the task of fixing and analyzing all the failed patches and my final report. 

Progress Update for this Week:

  - 7/22/2024
      - Completing the task of fixing and analyzing all the failed patches, I felt a great sense of accomplishment. This milestone marked the culmination of weeks of hard work, and it was gratifying to see the final results of my efforts. 
  - 7/23/2024
      - During the group meeting, I shared my findings with Dr. Ghanbari.  He reviewed my work and approved it, confirming that my approach and conclusions were correct. With his approval, I began planning the structure of my research report.
  - 7/24/2024
      - Today, I started writing my research report, focusing on the abstract, introduction, and background sections.  I reviewed all the articles I had read throughout this internship to provide a solid foundation and ensure my report was well-supported by existing literature.  This review helped frame the context and relevance of my work. 
  - 7/25/2024
      - I worked on the methodology, results, and conclusion sections of my report. Although I have not completed the report yet, I have made significant progress and ensured that each section was thorough and well-organized.
  - 7/26/2024
      - By the end of the day, I have completed my report.  I sent my research report to Dr. Ghanbari.  I am waiting for his feedback and final approval.   
