---
layout: post
title: Week 1 (5/20 - 5/24)
---

Embarking on my research internship fills me with anticipation! I am eager to hone my research skills and immerse myself in meaningful projects.  During my first week, I spent most of my time setting up my workspace and learning about the fundamentals of my project. 

Progress Update for this Week:
 - 5/19/2024
     - Arrived to Auburn, Alabama to prepare for a meeting with Dr. Ghanbari tomorrow.  Dr. Ghanbari is a professor at Auburn University.
 - 5/20/2024
     - Met with Dr. Ghanbari, discussing about the project that I am going to work on.  
     - Set up the WSL Environment, Java, and Maven. I ran into a bit of trouble with setting up Maven, but with some hands-on guidance from Dr. Ghanbari, I managed to get my problems resolved by the end of the day.
 - 5/21/2024
     - As planned, my project starts with literature research.  I will read a series of published research paper.
     - Started reading a research paper on [Defects4J](https://homes.cs.washington.edu/~rjust/publ/defects4j_issta_2014.pdf).  This paper presents Defects4J, a database that provides real bugs to support software testing research. Defects4J aims to address the issue of comparability, reproducibility, and relevance in empirical studies by offering a large, extensible collection of real bugs from open-source Java programs. The purpose of this paper is to introduce a comprehensive framework that ensures each bug is reproducible and isolated, accompanied by a detailed test suite demonstrating the bug. This is highly relevant to my project, as it provides a repository of real-world bugs and test suites essential for evaluating the effectiveness of mutation-based assessments.
     - Set up Defects4J on Linux and learned how to checkout bugs, which is an important skill needed for the project.
 - 5/22/2024
     - Started reading a research paper about [Mutation Testing](https://mutationtesting.uni.lu/survey.pdf).  This paper provides a detailed survey of the advancements in mutation testing, a technique where artificial defects, or mutants, are introduced into a program to assess the quality of the test suites. It discusses about the theoretical foundations, practical applications, and tools developed for mutation testing, highlighting both its strengths and limitations.  The purpose of this paper is to provide a comprehensive overview of the developments in mutation testing, identifying best practices and future research opportunities.  
 - 5/23/2024
     - Spent most of the day traveling back to Houston, as I will be working remotely from now on.
 - 5/24/2024
     - Continued reading the research paper about [Mutation Testing](https://mutationtesting.uni.lu/survey.pdf).  After reading this paper, I gained a deeper understanding on what mutation testing is and better insights into the methodologies and tools used for mutation testing.  This will help me apply effective mutation analysis techniques to evaluate the correctness of automated repair patches and ensure they maintain overall program functionality when I begin working on my project.   
