---
layout: post
title: Week 3 (6/3 - 6/7)
---

This week marks the beginning of an exciting hands-on task assigned by Dr. Ghanbari, where I will put into practice the knowledge gained from previous weeks into practical settings.  In this task, I will be checking out Defects4J bugs listed in a compressed file named "patches-dataset.tar.gz", applying patches to them, and running their test cases to ensure that all the test cases pass.  The main objective of this task is to develop proficiency in checking out bugs from the repository, applying patches to resolve them, and conducting quality assurance through immersive, hands-on practice.

Progress Update for this Week:

  - 6/3/2024
      - Began working on the hands-on task. When I attempted to extract the contents of the downloaded file "patches-dataset.tar.gz", I encountered a problem. To my surprise, the file turned out to be an HTML document rather than a valid gzip archive, and this led to an "End-of-central-directory signature not found" error during the extraction process.  The 'file' command confirmed that the downloaded file was not in the expected format.  I spent several hours trying to resolve this issue but could not solve the problem.  Thus, I brought this issue up to Dr. Ghanbari, and he plans to take care of this issue tomorrow during our weekly group meeting.  
  - 6/4/2024
      - Joined a weekly group meeting on Zoom with Dr. Ghanbari and fellow students, where we brainstormed solutions to the problem that I faced yesterday.  Dr. Ghanbari presented a potential fix, suggesting the necessity of transferring files from a Windows environment to the Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL).  Searching on the internet, I discovered that accessing the Windows system through the "/mnt/c" directory within the WSL environment could potentially resolve the issue.  Implementing this approach successfully resolved my issue, allowing me to proceed with the task.
      - Checked out Defects4J bugs listed in the "patches-dataset.tar.gz" file using the following command format:
        <center>
          
                                    defects4j checkout -p <project_id> -v <version_id> -w <work_dir>
        </center>
  - 6/5/2024
      - Read a research paper on [Automated Classification of Overfitting Patches](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.12057).  This paper introduces Overfitting Detection System (ODS), a machine learning approach that determines the likelihood of a patch being overfit.  Using this technique, researchers not only can evaluate the correctness of the patch but also the generalizability of generated solutions.  In the context of my project, applying the ODS technique can contribute to evaluating the correctness and effectiveness of automated repair patches, which aligns with the goal of improving automated program repair methodologies.    
  - 6/6/2024
      - Applied patches to the bugs using the command format:
        <center>
          
                                                  git apply <name_of_patch_file>
        </center>
      - Completed the hands-on task assigned by Dr. Ghanbari.  This task provided valuable hands-on experience in understanding the challenges associated with automated program repair. By applying patches and running test cases, I gained insights into the process of identifying correct patches and assessing their effectiveness in fixing software defects. This highlights the importance of robust evaluation methodologies for assessing the correctness and efficacy of automated program repair techniques.  
  - 6/7/2024

