---
layout: post
title: Week 8 (7/8 - 7/12)
---

This week, Hurricane Beryl hit Houston, leaving my community without power and Wi-Fi service.  This was the first time I experienced a life without electricity for an extended period.  After a few days, our family found a hotel in The Woodlands, where just staying cool felt like a luxury. On Thursday and Friday, I was able to get work done.

Progress Update for this Week: 

  - 7/8/2024
      - At 5 AM, Hurricane Beryl swept us, resulting in a citywide power outage. Sugar Land was completely shut down. There was no electricity, no wireless signals, and all the stores were closed.  We hoped that the power would be restored in the next couple of days.
  - 7/9/2024
      - The oppressive heat made Houston feel unbearable.  Luckily, we were able to go to Town Center where there was AC and a barely sufficient wireless signal for me to send and receive emails.  I tried to join the group meeting, but the network was too slow due to the crowded usage, making me unable to join.  However, I managed to send my weekly report to Dr. Ghanbari.  My parents were looking for a solution to go somewhere, but the hotels near Houston were all booked.
  - 7/10/2024
      - It looked like the blackout would continue for a few more days. Without AC, we had a hard time sleeping. Fortunately, my Mom found a hotel in The Woodlands. We opted to leave due to the unbearable conditions. We drove an hour to get to the hotel. Once we checked in, life felt better.
  - 7/11/2024
      - With access to Wi-Fi service, I continued working from the hotel. I resumed the task of analyzing and fixing the failed patches to make their tests pass. I managed to make some progress and felt more confident in my approach.
  - 7/12/2024
      - Finally, the power was restored, and my family happily drove back home. Once settled, I continued working on the patches. I focused on identifying the root causes of the patch failures, which were often due to syntax errors or incomplete patches. My understanding of the task improved. 
  - 7/13/2024
      - Today is Saturday. I tried to make up for the time lost due to the hurricane by working on the patches. I continued fixing the failed patches and now had a much better idea of the issues, but the task remained laborious.
